TINY-9222: Fix scrolling to the cursor after undo or redo actions (#8205)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The `editor.selection.getRng()` API was not returning a proper range on hidden editors in Firefox. #TINY-9259
- The `editor.selection.getBookmark()` API was not returning a proper bookmark on hidden editors in Firefox. #TINY-9259
- Dragging a noneditable element before or after another noneditable element now works correctly. #TINY-9253

> - Scrolling to the cursor after undo/redo. #TINY-9222

Reviewer: As a side note, `/` should not be used in changelogs or docs either as it's unclear if it means `and` or `or`, plus doesn't translate well. So use one of them specifically instead. Taking Viktor's suggestion and fixing that, maybe something like this then?
```suggestion
- The restored selection after a redo or undo action was not scrolled into view. #TINY-9222
```

> - Scrolling to the cursor after undo/redo. #TINY-9222

Author: Thanks for the suggestions! Reworded [here](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce/pull/8205/commits/d1506b5662ac1ffee3e9146b8c5da7679ab6839b)
